Move private pk interfaces to mbedtls/private/pk.h (#413)
Mbed-TLS/TF-PSA-Crypto: ChangeLog.d/privatise-pk-interfaces.txt

API changes
   * The following PK interfaces are now private and should no longer be used.
       mbedtls_pk_type_t

>        mbedtls_pk_rsassa_pss_options

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
As @felixc-arm suggested that's minor, but sine we're adding `mbedtls_pk_verify_new` I would also do this change.

       mbedtls_pk_debug_type
       mbedtls_pk_debug_item
       MBEDTLS_PK_DEBUG_MAX_ITEMS
       mbedtls_pk_info_from_type()
       mbedtls_pk_setup()
       mbedtls_pk_get_len()
       mbedtls_pk_can_do()
       mbedtls_pk_can_do_ext()
       mbedtls_pk_debug()
       mbedtls_pk_get_name()
       mbedtls_pk_get_type()
       mbedtls_pk_rsa()
       mbedtls_pk_ec()
       mbedtls_pk_parse_subpubkey()

>        mbedtls_pk_write_pubkey()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       mbedtls_pk_write_pubkey()
       mbedtls_pk_verify_new()
```

Reviewer: > I'm not sure that we need to mention mbedtls_pk_verify_new() in the changelog as it's new for 4.0/1.0 as a private function so the user shouldn't notice anything

Oh, that's a good point indeed.

API changes
   * The following PK interfaces are now private and should no longer be used.
       mbedtls_pk_type_t
       mbedtls_pk_debug_type
       mbedtls_pk_debug_item
       MBEDTLS_PK_DEBUG_MAX_ITEMS
       mbedtls_pk_info_from_type()
       mbedtls_pk_setup()
       mbedtls_pk_get_len()
       mbedtls_pk_can_do()
       mbedtls_pk_can_do_ext()
       mbedtls_pk_debug()
       mbedtls_pk_get_name()
       mbedtls_pk_get_type()
       mbedtls_pk_rsa()
       mbedtls_pk_ec()
       mbedtls_pk_parse_subpubkey()
       mbedtls_pk_write_pubkey()
       mbedtls_pk_verify_new()

>    * mbedtls_pk_rsassa_pss_options() has been removed from the interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Removals
   * mbedtls_pk_rsassa_pss_options is removed from the PK interface.
```
Because `mbedtls_pk_rsassa_pss_options` was a structure, not a function so `()` wasn't needed. Plus this is a real removal, so I would list that under Removals section.

Author: Now updated, let me know if there's anything further you want to tweak.
